fix(codeowners): don't support GitLab syntax (#15089)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/ownership-rules/index.mdx

You can import and incrementally add the mappings between your "source control teams/users" and "Sentry Teams/users", using [external team/user mappings](/product/issues/ownership-rules/#external-teamuser-mappings). Sentry uses the "external team/user mappings" to convert the owners in your CODEOWNERS file into their equivalents in Sentry. Sentry will automatically ignore rules that are missing team/user mappings.

We support GitHub CODEOWNERS file syntax. You can find more details about the syntax [in GitHub's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-code-owners), including [details on unsupported syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-code-owners#syntax-exceptions)

> Note that we do not support [GitLab CODEOWNERS syntax](https://docs.gitlab.com/user/project/codeowners/reference) that isn't also supported by GitHub. For example, we do not support sections, `!` exclusions, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we do not support exclusions (lines without owners) or [GitLab CODEOWNERS syntax](https://docs.gitlab.com/user/project/codeowners/reference) not also supported by GitHub. For example, we do not support sections, `!` exclusions, etc.
```

I'm not sure my phrasing here is any better but it'd be nice to add a mention that we don't support exclusion for GitHub either somewhere since it comes up occasionally
